We all against military coup!!!
We want our leaders back!!
Say No to DICTATORSHIP!

This is our real government.
We want Justice.

What's happening in Myanmar ( Burma )? 
Let's pray for their safety and may they have freedom and justice.

Second day of Yangon residents bang their pots and pans to protest the military coup in Myanmar! 
It is happening now!
"It is a Myanmar tradition to drive away evil or bad karma by beating tin or metal buckets"

We're fighting for our future. 
Listen our voice!
Respect our vote!
Say No To Dictatorship!
No more dictatorship!

We, Myanmar People simply want justice, freedom from fear, peace, and a better safe future for our country, for all of our leaders and for all of our people. Please Help us.

We want our leader back.She is our future,our hopes and our light.Don't let take into the darkness again!Let us creat our future with our own hands.Our future depends on,Now I'm fighting for the future of youths!!

Only our elected government is our government.We do not accept an unjust occupation by a military dictator.
We oppose a dictatorship that controls everything with one power.

We always stand with our leader Daw Aung San Suu Kyi. The world needs to know what is happing in Myanmar.
Please help us to spread our voice and save our futures from the darkness.

We voted with all of our hearts despite global pandemic and the result spoke our hearts.We need justice,freedom and a better future.Don't let take into the darkness again.Let us creat our future with our own hands.

We, as the citizens of Myanmar, dun agree with the current situation and would like to request the world leaders. UN and the world media, please help our country,our leaders,our people from this bitter acts. Say "NO" To Dictatorship

We voted with all of our hearts despite global pandemic and the result spoke our hearts.We need justice,freedom and a better future.Don't let take into the darkness again.Let us creat our future with our own hands.

We are students.
We must fight our future together.
We stand with Daw Aung San Suu Kyi.
Let's trend.
Let's fight and win together.

We as a citizen of Myanmar not agree with the current move and would like to request the world leaders. UN and the world media help our country- our leaders- our people - from these bitter acts. We want democracy and want our country to develop like our neighboring countries.

We need to fight for our future .This is our battle with monsters.Together we will win this fight.

We, Myanmar people say NO to dictatorship

The voice of the citizens should be valued.
Say "NO" to dictatorship.

Myanmar people needs urgent response from international against military coup. We want our one and only true president U Win Myint and leader Daw Aung San Suu Kyi back!

The future depends on what we do in the present. 
Let’s show our courage!! 
Don’t feel afraid for tomorrows. We need to be strong !! 

Us, the Myanmar People are making noises as loud as we can. 
"We all Say No To Dictatorship''

For our future, for our new generation, we will fight as hard as we can to the end We need to bright our future and next generations. So we will show our unity. Stay safe and keep fighting
We can do it.

We are Youths, We are fighting not only for  our Leader, our Country but also for our Future!  Don’t give up!  Just remember what is happening and what could happen in the future if we give up  
We all must keep on.. 

